(Episode 13)
Ru Ri was crying, and she was
a mess yesterday.
Her mother fainted.
I think she should see a psychiatrist.
A psychiatrist?
Are you saying my wife...
has a mental problem?
According to her results, her blood
vessels don't have problems.
But she fainted because the front part
of her heart didn't move.
What do you mean by that?
Anyway, we will have to talk
to a psychiatrist.
Okay.
What is happening?
They're treating a normal person
as a crazy woman.
I can't believe this.
How have you been?
Why are you here?
Are you here to see Ru Ri?
No, I'm here for a checkup.
Are you sure?
Are you trying to deceive me?
No, I'm not. Don't worry.
Let me make this sure again.
I hate people like you the most.
You're insincere and irresponsible.
You don't take care of fragile women,
and treat them inferior to you.
You're a beast that humiliates other men.
I admit that, sir.
I didn't make the best impression to you.
However, there're other sides of me.
If you give me some time, I'd like to show you my true self.
You're a smooth talker.
Why should I do that?
Do you still have feelings for my daughter?
If that's so, stop dreaming.
I have no intention to have a son-in-law like you.
Over my dead body.
Was that Ru Ri's dad?
Yes, it was.
Even his back gives me goosebumps.
Why are you here?
What? I'm here to hand over this kid.
- Is that the child? - Yes.
I need to go prepare for the enlistment.
What's your name?
You punk.
You look like Ru Ri, so you're really cute.
Honey, why do you look so tired?
You won't even look me in the eye since yesterday.
Did I do something wrong?
Goodness, Yeon Ju. How could you be so clueless?
You're so not quick-witted.
Hey, right now, your father-in-law had an affair...
and brought a child with him out of the blue.
Do you think your husband would want to smile and laugh?
But thank goodness...
that your husband doesn't take after your father-in-law.
Thank you so much, Doctor Lee.
Me too, honey.
I'm off now.
All right. I'll let you slide for being so pessimistic today.
Think about your mother, and get yourself together!
Make sure you have the right leg to operate on!
Don't lose your focus.
(Needs absolute rest)
The patient just fell asleep after getting the sedative.
Oh, right. Don't go far.
Your mom is only asking for you.
Okay. Thank you.
(Needs absolute rest)
Let me see your phone. Give it to me.
What? Why?
Just do it. Let me have it.
Dad.
I'm going to confiscate it for a while.
You might be in contact with some loser.
Ru Ri. What happened?
Hello, Mr. Lee.
Myung Rang, how could you bring her here?
Goodness, look at you. I'm busy preparing for the enlistment.
Okay. Good job looking after her.
Come here, Han Gyul.
No, it's okay.
I'll feed her in the cafeteria first.
You said you're busy. I'll feed her. You can go.
Goodness.
What about me? I don't get to eat?
I'm hungry too.
Come on. Buy me a meal. Hurry.
- I'm sorry. - What...
- You said you're busy. - Gosh, I'm hungry.
Hey, Myung Rang.
Why are we running?
Oh, dear. You are horrible at reading the room.
Don't speak another word, and just follow me.
You'll be surprised!
What?
(Chef Jung)
"Chef Jung"?
Who is this Chef Jung?
Hey, gourmand. I couldn't reach you.
Are you listening?
I guess you can't talk now.
I'll wait for you in the lobby.
Hey, hey. Excuse me.
I think I heard his voice somewhere.
Lobby?
How have you been?
Why are you here?
Look at this joker.
Hey, Myung Rang, where are we going?
- The cafeteria is in the basement. - Goodness.
There's something more important than your meal.
What is it?
That.
Chef Jung!
Let this go.
Hi.
Hey, you!
What is it?
I'm sorry.
All right.
Ru Ri.
I'll be outside with your sister.
If there's anything you need to do with him, take your time.
What does that mean?
That's only for adults. You don't need to know.
Myung Rang!
Gosh, you two look good.
What's wrong with her?
As she said, we don't have a lot of time.
Let's get our things done.
What?
What do you mean by that?
Here.
I see. The sandwich.
Yes, the sandwich.
What? Did you expect something else?
No way. Actually, I was very hungry.
I was craving a sandwich.
I was so surprised to see this sandwich magically appear.
That's right. You're such a voracious eater.
The caregivers have a harder time than the patients.
Don't skip your meals.
Why? Is that too small?
Hey, it was so hectic during the morning rush hour.
It was so hard to even buy one.
I'm sorry, Chef Jung.
It's your first day at the headquarters.
I'm sorry for bothering you.
Thanks to you, this will be the most unforgettable first day.
And...
I really want to go to work,
but I don't think I can leave my mom alone.
I'm sorry.
Don't worry.
You're not much of help to begin with.
Don't worry, and just take care of your mom.
But the intern has to do all the chores.
I have to wash the dirty dishes, clean,
prepare ingredients, and gather data from the websites.
Didn't I tell you?
You're not much of help.
I already asked for a replacement. Don't worry.
What about the proposal for the new dish?
I have to go grocery shopping and brainstorm.
Look at you.
Others may think you're the backbone of SC Food and Beverage.
I'll take care of everything. You don't need to worry about it.
Just stay by your mom's side for now.
What?
It's nothing.
What is it? Tell me.
Before I saw you,
it was so hard, and I didn't know what to do.
Seeing you here is lifting my spirits.
That's right. You should consider yourself lucky.
It's hard to meet such a nice supervisor.
And I'm also really embarrassed...
that you had to see how messed up my family is.
Are you bragging about your family now?
My family is second to none in this respect.
I'm not joking.
Ru Ri.
You're prettiest when you smile.
So...
let's smile even if things are hard.
Your mom will be fine soon enough.
Where are they?
Those punks.
Yes, Mr. Lee!
Where are you now?
Now? We are eating in the cafeteria.
How dare you lie to me!
I'm in the cafeteria right now.
I'm sorry.
Lee Myung Rang! Myung Rang!
What? Look at these punks.
Hold on. Then... Right.
Gosh, he's terrifying.
His voice even makes my hair stand up.
Poor Ru Ri.
How did she survive under this oppression and pressure?
Wait. I can't just do nothing about this.
If he finds this out, she's done.
No, no. I can't let that happen.
No.
They must be pretty busy. I can't ruin their flow.
What should I do?
Let's save her life first.
Ru Ri.
Stop enjoying yourself.
Ru Ri! Stop it!
What is it? I'm busy.
Ru Ri!
What? What? What is it?
What?
Where is she?
She's probably getting coffee.
You are going to keep deceiving me?
Where is your sister?
She's not here!
I'm sorry, Ru Ri.
Move.
Lee Ru Ri!
Ru Ri!
I know you're there!
Come here!
Lee Ru Ri!
Ru Ri!
Oh, my.
I was so scared.
Why are you so fast?
We're going to die if my dad catches us.
Hurry up, and go inside. I'll leave.
I'm sorry. I caused you so much trouble.
I'll be waiting 24 hours. Call me whenever you want.
I'm going.
There's no one here. Why are you so scared?
Why did you want me to come to work one hour early?
Did you forget what Manager Joo said?
What will you do then?
We have to get rid of the two people who joined us through connections.
You're going to get rid of them.
- Me? - Should I do it then?
Change that with this.
Hurry.
(Cheese potato hamburger that can be eaten with a spoon)
(Pork neck fries salad)
We need to show something definite to the directors.
New menus of this level won't make the cut.
I need Jung Do.
She suddenly disappeared one day.
There were rumors that she was living with a man.
What kind of a man?
It was "Jay". His name was Jay.
Jay.
Something must have happened with him 30 years ago.
What could that be?
I got a call from Seattle.
Let me see.
This is Sarah Kang, Jung Hwa Young's sister.
She was a professor, but quit seven years ago.
Where is she now?
We're trying to find her, but it's not easy.
What about that man called Jay?
We can't find him either.
This was too long ago. It's hard to find him just with his name.
I don't care how much it costs.
Search every corner of Seattle, and bring that man to me.
Yes, ma'am.
(Alcoholism remedy)
Who is he cooking for that he's putting in so much effort?
Is he cooking for the chairman?
Come on.
He keeps trying to make a good impression to the chairman.
- Give me your phone. - Okay.
Here it is.
Manager Joo. I have something to report about Jung Tae Yang.
What do you mean?
What about Jung Tae Yang?
I'm worried about you.
It won't be good if the company knows about your condition.
What do you want to do about it?
We need to keep Jung Tae Yang quiet first.
Even if we have to fire him.
He won't talk about me.
Don't be ridiculous.
Don't you know that people can get greedy?
He will try to use your weakness to his advantage.
What is this?
It's the chairman's breakfast.
You looked sick yesterday. Are you feeling okay?
I made this early in the morning.
I hope you enjoy it.
Who sent this?
He just said that he was from the menu development team.
It's clear that it's Jung Tae Yang.
He sent this to pretend that he cares for you.
"I know your weakness. Be careful."
Don't you think he's trying to say that?
I wanted to be sure.
I was wondering if you had a child.
No.
He can't know about the existence of Tae Yang.
(Math progress book)
Let's see my score.
Let's check your results.
You got 100 points.
Eun Byul, you can study well all by yourself.
Don't worry about me.
How did it go?
I feel relieved.
I'm saying goodbye to this prison forever.
Do you think it's okay to not tell mom?
Of course, she just started to feel better yesterday.
It's going to be hard for us if she's mad again.
Anyway, congratulations.
All you have to do is register for the beauty class.
Yes.
It smells like kimchi jjim. I'm so hungry.
You slept really well yesterday.
You even snored.
I'm still sleepy no matter how much I sleep.
Maybe it's because my 30-year-old tension is relieved.
Just forget about that person,
and just think of good things from now on.
I'll do that.
Our unhappiness is over. We're going to start being happy.
Wait a minute.
Yes, Coach?
What?
Yes, I got it.
Why? Is Woo Joo in trouble?
What am I going to do with him?
We're home.
It smells really good.
I'm really hungry because I practiced hard.
Are you coming from the practice?
Of course, the competition is coming up soon.
The coach is making us practice hard.
Hey!
Do you think I'm a fool?
The coach just called.
He said you were going to quit judo.
What is the reason?
Judo is not for me.
Woo Joo, how could you decide that by yourself?
Do you think parents are there for nothing?
- You should have talked to us. - Then what?
Would you allow me to quit?
Mom, you just want me to go to college.
She just wants you to do your best since you will qualify...
for special admission if you win a medal.
Will you study if you quit judo?
I'm going to quit school.
With my grades, I have no hope even if I try many times.
What will you do if you quit school?
Tell me what you will do.
Woo Joo, just tell them.
Aren't you going to tell us?
Is this what you want to do?
To put on makeup like women?
He wants to become a beauty consultant.
He wants to teach people how to put on makeup that suits them.
Are you crazy?
What is this?
The registration fee for beauty class.
Woo Joo worked the whole summer doing nails for people.
So you lied about hurting your leg?
And you earned this money by doing nail art instead of Judo?
I'm taking this away.
Give it to me. I earned it by myself.
Give it to me.
You earned it?
Are you proud of the money...
you earned from working while lying to your parents?
You should think about what you did wrong first.
I'll announce the promotion topic for the fourth quarter.
Two months later, it will be Christmas season.
To prepare for Christmas, the two teams...
should develop a new menu within two weeks.
It should go along with the season and target families.
You should prepare generous amounts of food with reasonable prices.
He will try to use your weakness to his advantage.
Through evaluation,
the team with the best result will stay.
- Good luck. - All right.
All right.
That's all.
By the way, Jung Tae Yang,
I'd like to talk to you in my room.
Did you make this for me?
Didn't you like it?
You didn't even touch it.
I want to know your intentions.
I want to know why you made this for me.
I didn't have any intentions.
You looked like you were in a bad state at the parking lot yesterday,
so I thought you wouldn't feel great today. That's why I made this.
Throughout my life,
I encountered a lot of people.
I encountered more bad people than good.
But the people that I hate the most...
are the ones that try to benefit from others' weaknesses.
You must have seen the medicine I take yesterday.
If you think you can take advantage of me with that,
you're wrong.
Just like I employed you because I wanted to,
I can fire you if I want to.
So don't try to do anything,
and get back to work.
Let me tell you something.
I think food is for people who eat it,
not the person who makes it.
While I made this,
I have never thought about myself.
In Bali, when you were starving for days,
I made you rice soup because I wanted to help you...
eat something.
And that's the same thought I had when I made this.
But seeing as you misunderstood my meal like that,
I don't know what to say.
I'll get back to work.
It's a nice company.
Do you think we can come here out of the blue like this?
Don't you want to register for the beauty class?
Tae Yang is the only one who can give you the money...
that Mom took away from you.
Do you know which floor he's at?
Wait a moment.
May I help you?
Where's the Menu Research and Development Team?
Wait a moment.
Wait.
Why is she here?
Eun Byul.
Grandmother?
You shouldn't call me that outside.
It's been a while.
Why did you come here?
Did you come here to see me?
Gosh, I'm so angry. I'm so angry.
He must be out of his mind.
I spent so much on his Judo classes.
I spent all my money that I earned from the dance classes I taught...
from 6am every morning. I taught 3 classes every day...
for seven years!
If I had saved that money, I could have built a building!
You're exaggerating.
Are you teasing me?
No.
I'm so upset because I feel like I wasn't a good father to him.
He didn't tell me that he didn't want to do it.
If I were his biological father,
he would have told me.
You are the best dad ever. He's the bad one.
What is he going to do in Korea without even graduating college?
If he can't study well, he should at least play sports.
You're so weird.
You act normally most of the time,
but you change whenever you talk about your son.
What did I do?
You look like a different person.
On the outside, you look like you're open-minded.
But when it comes to your children, it's like you're from Joseon.
I think he doesn't have to go to college.
In the past, people got nice jobs...
after graduating from college, but it's not like that now.
Whether it is makeup or farming that he wants to do...
in his life, the important thing is that he's happy.
Would you say the same thing...
if it had been Eun Byul?
What do you mean?
I'm disappointed.
Maybe it's because he's not your son.
I'm the one who's disappointed.
I've never treated Woo Joo as if he weren't my real son.
Then it must be the generation gap.
This is why I didn't date younger men.
Oh, is that so?
You must be so happy that you're so old, ma'am.
Yes, I'm old! So what?
Gosh. But still...
But still, he shouldn't drop out of high school.
So you fought with your mom?
Yes, she took all our money.
Stop it.
It's all right. I'm your grandmother.
Can I ask you something?
Why are you on such bad terms with Dad?
I don't know.
Just like you fought with your mom,
I fought with your dad too, and this is what happened.
That is why I want to ask you to help me.
How?
I want to make up to your father...
in secret and be on good terms again.
But I need your help.
What kind of help?
Your brother, Jung Tae Yang, is my employee.
For him to get promoted, we need to know about his family.
But we don't know anything about his real dad.
Did you hear anything about him?
Why do you have to know about my brother's dad?
If something bad about him comes up, I need to cover it for him.
We don't know anything about him.
Think carefully.
Didn't your mom mention anything?
Yes, the necklace.
The necklace?
A necklace?
What necklace?
Mom has an old necklace...
that has a photo of someone that resembles Tae Yang.
Really?
Can I see that photo?
Mom wouldn't like that.
We'll keep it a secret.
Can you do that?
It's for your brother.
And if you do that, I can get you registered...
to the beauty class that you want to attend.
All right. I'll get it for you.
Are you all right, Mom?
What should I do?
You couldn't go to work because of me.
It's all right.
Do you remember fainting yesterday?
Fainting?
Sue me? You think that's easy?
It could take up to 3, 4,
or even five years.
If you want to be a divorced woman even when you're old,
go ahead.
I'm sorry, Mom. I couldn't leave her behind.
Give this to her.
You're the sick one.
It's all right.
It's fine.
She didn't do anything wrong.
She's still a little girl.
She must've suffered among strangers. Here.
We're no strangers to her.
She probably met Dad from time to time.
How old is she?
I don't know. I don't want to know.
I'm an idiot.
She looks like 4 or 5.
How did I not know?
You're not an idiot.
Dad is a betrayer and a swindler who deceived us.
I can never forgive him.
I get angrier and grossed out the more I think about it.
What's this?
Your life, my life,
her mom's life,
and her life.
How is Dad going to pay for his sin?
I always trusted Dad even though he only yelled at me all the time.
Unlike other men who cheat on their wives,
I thought he loved us to death.
- Ru Ri. - But that was all a lie.
He never cared about us.
He's a selfish man who only thinks about himself.
Ru Ri. Come sit here.
It makes me more upset when I see you.
I'm getting punished for making a wrong choice.
But why do you have to suffer?
What's wrong with your dad?
You're up.
See?
I told you you'll feel better after a nap.
How do you feel?
I'm okay now.
Let me check.
Okay.
- Does it hurt? - Yes.
- Here too? - Yes.
My guess was right.
Let's begin the examination.
Follow me, please.
What kind of examination is it?
What? Oh, it's nothing big.
It's a mental health test.
You know.
It's one of the things you do when you visit hospitals.
Let's go.
Hey, Ru Ri. You're distracting.
Take the youngest one, and go home.
The youngest one?
This is for beef sashimi.
- Also, make sure to cook a lot. - Yes.
Try to avoid using pepper powder for the little kid.
Yes, ma'am.
What's all this, Mom?
Is it Dad's ritual today?
I know you're my child,
but is your brain a washer or something?
Do you wash your brain clean every day?
This is all going to your in-law's.
All of these? Why?
It's obvious that your mother-in-law's in bed.
Who else is going to do all the house chores?
If her only daughter-in-law...
go comfort her now,
Dr. Lee will appreciate it so much.
I'll wrap them up for you. Just take them to their house.
But I'm scared.
It's me, Father.
How's Mom?
Oh, I worked it out as you can imagine.
You worked it out?
What do you mean?
I told you.
Your mom listens to whatever I tell her.
She's a bit upset and angry,
but she'll take good care of Han Gyul.
Father. I think I'm shameless.
I should tell Mom the truth...
Truth, my foot.
Don't even come home for a while.
Father.
Just listen to what I tell you to do.
From now on, the truth is that Han Gyul's my daughter for good.
You're going to be her brother.
Gosh.
You'll get an upset stomach. Slow down.
Here. Drink water.
Why would you spill?
Here.
You spilled too much.
Let's get you changed.
What's wrong?
Are you embarrassed?
You have no other choice.
Take it off before you catch cold.
My goodness.
What's wrong?
Do you have something inside?
It's fine. Tell me. What is it?
Okay. Fine.
I'll put it back after you get changed.
What is it? What do you have?
(Salute! Lieutenant Lee So Won from Seoul Hospital)
Han Gyul. Han Gyul.
Why do you have this?
It's fine. Tell me. What's this picture?
Dad. He's my dad. Dad.
It's typical repressed anger.
Repressed anger?
So her body is healthy,
but she has anger in her heart?
If you neglect it, you could get a serious disease.
From high blood pressure to diabetes, angina, and even dementia.
Your wife is in a very serious condition.
Anger piled up for a long time...
that she has stress rashes, and she has been taking digestive medicine.
Did you know that?
Pardon?
No. I thought she was exaggerating.
The most important part in treatment is the family's cooperation.
What do you say to...
taking a couple counseling treatment together?
How do I do that?
Ru Ri. What are you doing here?
Did you know Mom was taken to the hospital last night?
What? Why?
Because she fainted.
Dad brought a kid home and told her to raise her.
Don't you want to know who the kid is?
I know. I've seen her before.
I'm sure you have.
What are you saying?
Where did you get this?
That kid had it.
She said it's her dad. She kept it in her pocket.
Tell me the truth.
Is she your child?
Answer me! Is she your child?
Yes.
Han Gyul is my child.
Are you out of your mind? How can you...
I'm sorry. I don't know what to say.
But I didn't hide it to avoid taking responsibility.
And it's not what you think.
I didn't cheat on Yeon Ju.
I did what Father told me to do to protect my family.
Your family needs to be protected,
but our family doesn't?
You pretend to be so clever and great,
and yet whatever Dad tells you to do, you listen to him...
even if it doesn't make any sense?
I told you it's not like that.
It happened so suddenly.
I don't want to listen to your excuses.
You caused Mom to faint...
so that you can live your life. Isn't that what happened?
Lee Ru Ri.
I don't want to do this any longer.
If you have any conscience left, tell everyone...
that that girl is your child, not your sister.
How can you be so much like Dad?
Is that what clever people who went to a good university are like?
You are a selfish person...
who only thinks of yourself no matter what happens to others.
That's too harsh. No one got hurt because of this.
Mom and Dad are going to get divorced soon.
I beg you.
Please get your act together from now on, okay?
Come inside.
Hey, you can't just bring her here.
Han Gyul,
stay next to him at all times, okay?
He's your real dad.
It's going to be so fun.
Why did this happen to my family?
Manager Jung.
Why is your voice like that?
Didn't you have dinner?
It's not that.
You must have been so busy all day because of me.
Who did all the cleaning up and chores today?
I told you not to worry about it.
Substitute workers came and cleaned up the kitchen.
Are you home then?
Of course, I came home ages ago.
Why? Should I go there?
Where are you?
No, you don't need to.
You must be tired. Get some rest.
I'm home too.
I'll see you tomorrow.
I really don't want to go home.
Where should I go?
She could be crying somewhere by herself.
Who's here at this hour?
Substitute workers came and cleaned up the kitchen.
Ru Ri.
You said you were home. Why did you come here?
What is it? Did something happen?
Don't cry.
Are you done crying?
Here.
It's hot cocoa.
You should drink something after crying so much.
I really don't want to go home tonight.
Do you know what that means?
"I don't want to go home today."
Do you know how dangerous it is to say that?
Don't say that to anyone else.
You can only say that to me.
But I mean it. I don't want to go home.
I hate my selfish brother who only thinks of himself,
I hate my mom who just lives with all this,
and I hate myself for not being able to do anything.
I just hate all my family members.
Do you know how my second father...
was like?
He was a police officer...
who was crazy about gambling.
He'd destroy and hit everything telling us to give him money.
Every time that happened,
I had the exact thoughts.
I hated my father who was a bully,
I hated my mom who just let him do that to her,
and I hated my young self...
for not being able to do anything.
Chef Jung.
That's why I decided...
that I won't get married in the future.
I decided not to have fantasies about families.
Me too.
Who would want to get married...
if it feels like falling into the abyss?
But there's something...
I realized recently.
Marriage is not the problem. Who you marry is more important.
And if you meet a good person,
marriage could also be a blessing.
So don't lose hope.
Your parents' lives are their lives.
Our lives are ours to live.
Right?
Here.
Where did you put the medicine?
If you're worried about...
what the doctor said at the hospital, don't worry about it.
I won't attend a couple counseling program with you.
I was shocked by what the doctor said.
I feel disappointed in myself...
for not being able to protect my wife...
and making you suffer.
I know this sounds like an excuse,
but I really had no idea.
I didn't know you were...
so stressed out while living with me.
Yes, I'm patriarchal.
I was born in a patriarchal family, educated to be patriarchal,
and I lived in a patriarchal era. I can't help it.
But you knew this...
when you married me.
When people get old,
it's hard for them to change their personalities.
Especially...
for men like me, who are...
self-assertive and full of pride.
What do you want to tell me?
For our relationship to get better,
I need to change you.
Since you're gentle and obedient,
it's easier to fix you.
If you have any complaints, tell me.
Tell me what you like and what you don't like.
Don't keep it inside you. Just tell me.
Then I'll know how you feel.
I told you before.
There's something wrong with your personality.
When you're angry, you don't talk about it like I do.
You keep it inside you and not talk for days.
It also suffocated me to put up with it.
Let's take this chance to fix your habit of not talking.
Let's open everything,
and talk more, communicate more,
and get rid of...
the repressed anger you have.
Understand?
My goodness. See?
You're not responding again.
I'm talking to you. Say something.
Do you get it or not?
Answer me. Do you understand?
What nonsense.
What? What did you just say?
I said that's nonsense.
Hey, Hong Young Hye.
Did you say there's something wrong with my personality?
That I need to change it?
So we should talk more and communicate more?
Hey, if that was possible,
this would've never happened.
You always yell at me when I say something.
If I say you're wrong, you say I don't know anything.
You never respected me, and told me I'm stupid.
Is that your meaning of communication?
Hey, Hong Young Hye. I mean, Mrs. Hong. What are you...
There's no need to talk.
I'll get a new court date. Let's get divorced.
That's the only thing I can do with you.
Hey, Hong Young Hye. Hong Young Hye.
What's wrong with her?
I'm talking with sincerity,
but she never understands.
This is why we can never have a conversation.
It's delicious.
Mommy is the best.
I should comfort Mother with these.
It's my honey.
Honey. I was about to call you.
Where are you?
I'm on the way to comfort Mother.
Come over, so we can have dinner together.
That's good. I have something to tell you. I'll meet you there.
Okay, honey. I love you.
He has something to tell me?
I wonder what it is.
Welcome.
All the clothes in this store. Everything.
How much would it cost for me to buy everything?
Everything? Is it for yourself?
No. You know "obladi oblada"?
You know how rich people donate to the society...
Oh, you mean noblesse oblige?
Oh, I was confused.
I'm the chairwoman of building owners association,
and I'm going to host a charity.
Call the manager and the owner so I can pay for everything.
Obladi oblada.
Yes. Obladi oblada.
Hold on.
Yes. Dr. Lee.
Please come over to my parents' house now.
I have something to tell you.
Sure. I'll get going right away.
Okay. Okay.
My goodness. It's like a feast.
My mom prepared all this in case you skip the meal.
Mother doesn't even cook because she's upset, does she?
She's totally outraged.
You're so mean, Father.
Mother must be very angry.
I know. It's all my fault.
I'm sorry.
Hey. Why are you back?
I told you not to come.
He's here to comfort Mother.
Why are you with her, honey?
I have something to tell you. Go bring Mother.
Okay.
Little Sister-in-law, come with me, please. Here.
Let's go.
Hey. What are you trying to say?
You know exactly what I'm going to tell them.
What?
You're ruining everything.
Come here. Follow me.
Come here. Come.
Why are you doing this?
It's all done now.
I heard Mom fainted yesterday.
I can't do this anymore as a human.
I've made up my mind. Don't try to stop me anymore.
No. You can never do that.
I won't allow it.
Are you going to divorce Mom then?
Are you going to make me the bad son...
who make my own parents divorce for my sake?
Hey. Quiet down. They'll hear you. Lower your voice.
If it bothers you so much,
I'll tell your mom only.
If she finds out Han Gyul's your child,
she wouldn't talk about divorce anymore.
Please stop.
It's over now.
Hey, So Won. So Won.
Hey, So Won.
Hey.
Hey. Hey, So Won.
You're making a mistake.
You're going to regret for the rest of your life.
Let me go, Father.
Honey.
Mother said she won't eat.
What's wrong, Father?
No. It's nothing.
Don't worry about it.
- Follow me. - What?
Hey, So Won. So Won. So Won.
What's going on?
He said he has something to tell us.
If you're trying to stop me from divorcing,
just leave.
Honey.
I'm sorry, Mom.
It's all my fault...
for making you like this.
What do you mean? You didn't do anything.
What is it, Honey?
I can't wait. Just say it.
Don't be surprised.
It's about Han Gyul.
Yes, what about Han Gyul?
Well...
No. Don't say it.
Why would you stop him from talking? What is it?
It's nothing.
- Hey, So Won. Let's go out. - Stop it, Father!
Han Gyul is my daughter.
What?
What did you say?
Honey.
Hey. Are you drunk? That doesn't make sense.
Come here. Come.
I lied.
She's not my sister.
She's my daughter.
Daughter?
Yeon Ju.
Are you serious?
Is the child outside...
really your daughter? For real?
Tell me now!
I'm sorry.
(Man Who Sets the Table)
You know the youngest sister-in-law?
He's your brother.
No. He's my dad.
I'll practice every day after work.
Only the regular employees can stay until late.
I'll lend you this. Just don't get caught.
You can never find a new recipe like this.
Copy Jung Tae Yang's.
If you bring the necklace,
I can pay for your beauty classes.
Where did I see her?
I found the necklace.